[Music]
all right you guys so now we're gonna
get into the moonwalk which was debuted
by Michael Jackson in 1982 for the
Motown 25th anniversary if you haven't
seen it yet you gotta check it out
please do so the moonwalk what creates
the illusion is the fact that he's
shifting weight as he usually does in
most of his moves but he's shifting
weight using the terminology from
gliding so with that in mind let us
start out by pressing through the right
foot now as you press this is what the
right foot would be doing you're here
and you're pressing all the way through
to the heel the other foot is just
simply sliding back now keep in mind
that the leg that slide back you don't
want the weight to be on this leg you
want it to be sorely on the right since
this is the one that's creating the push
so if I did it slow it would look like
this boom now what's gonna happen is I'm
going to change weight shift it the left
heel is gonna come up and the left heel
is gonna push through like this and as
the left leg of pushes through my right
foot goes here simultaneously it looks
like this and then you switch and shift
over to your right side
shift switch to your left boom
right boom
shift left so with that in mind let's
try it a little faster you're gonna go
here
hah shift left comes up gift right comes
up left comes up right comes up and so
on and so forth no that is remove water
[Music]